README.md, before:

This project is focused towards researching and tracking the UMD subreddit in order to monitor engagement and posts. Furthermore, we will analyze the spread of misinformation on posts, and we will also look at trends and shifts that occur in the posts throughout the semester, while categorizing them by type.


Team members: ● Michael Caroselli: Notetaker ● John Horky: Researcher ● Fatima Yasar: Project Coordinator


Domain focus and problem statement: We are focused on analyzing the UMD subreddit posts while categorizing posts by keywords, tone, and length in order to understand the spread of misinformation.


Our function library is organized in a way that begins with functions that allow us to gain data through metadata and tracking user posts and generate a weekly report. The first group of functions is focused on cleaning the data into something that is readable, then the second group gathers the metadata information to report on the summaries. The third group of functions is focused on dividing the data into different categories based on tone and information. Then the data is gathered about the users and posters that frequently appear on Reddit, and finally the data is summarized so it is easily understandable. The functions are all labeled so they are easily findable and changeable. 



As for individual contributions, Micheal Caroselli did the first five functions, John Horky did the middle five functions, and Fatima Yasar did the last five functions. In terms of our classes, Micheal created the classes for our function groups #1 and #2, Fatima created the class for the functions in group #3 as well as reviewd the final project to submit and John created the classes for functions in group #4 and #5.

Commit message:

Update README with contributions and project 03 details
Added details about class documentation and project 03 enhancements.

README.md, after:

This project is focused towards researching and tracking the UMD subreddit in order to monitor engagement and posts. Furthermore, we will analyze the spread of misinformation on posts, and we will also look at trends and shifts that occur in the posts throughout the semester, while categorizing them by type.


Team members: ● Michael Caroselli: Notetaker ● John Horky: Researcher ● Fatima Yasar: Project Coordinator


Domain focus and problem statement: We are focused on analyzing the UMD subreddit posts while categorizing posts by keywords, tone, and length in order to understand the spread of misinformation.


Our function library is organized in a way that begins with functions that allow us to gain data through metadata and tracking user posts and generate a weekly report. The first group of functions is focused on cleaning the data into something that is readable, then the second group gathers the metadata information to report on the summaries. The third group of functions is focused on dividing the data into different categories based on tone and information. Then the data is gathered about the users and posters that frequently appear on Reddit, and finally the data is summarized so it is easily understandable. The functions are all labeled so they are easily findable and changeable. 



As for individual contributions, Micheal Caroselli did the first five functions, John Horky did the middle five functions, and Fatima Yasar did the last five functions. In terms of our classes, Micheal created the classes for our function groups #1 and #2, Fatima created the class for the functions in group #3 as well as reviewd the final project to submit and John created the classes for functions in group #4 and #5. The class numbers are documented on our functions as comments with their associated purposes as well.

In terms of our incorporations for project 03, we added polymorphic composition to the analysis class due to the fact that it had a "has a" relationship. Furtheremore, we incorporated inheritance in our content categorizer class due to the fact that it had a "is a" relationship. Lastly, we modified our design to incorporate an abstract base class for any analzyer objects we wish to create and this includes defining a standard interface, maintaining history of analyses, as well as enforcing subclasses.
